Fix docs for getErrorMessagesIndexedByAttribute - array keys must be strings (#669)
yiisoft/validator: docs/guide/en/result.md

];
```

> Also keep in mind that attribute names are always must be strings, even when used with `Each`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also keep in mind that attribute names must be strings, even when used with `Each`:
```

Author: поправил

```php
$rule = new Each([new Number(min: 21)]),
```

Given `[21, 22, 23, 20]` input throw exception, because default array keys is numbers: 

```php
InvalidArgumentException
Top level attributes can only have string type.

> ```

Author: Тут как то кривовато получилось, не нашел пример как ошибки красиво отображать

> But if given array with string keys `['1' => 21, '2' => 22, '3' => 23, '4' => 20]`, the output will be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But if given array with string keys `['1' => 21, '2' => 22, '3' => 23, '4' => 20]`, the output will be:
```

Для PHP массивы `[1 => ...]` и `['1' => ...]` идентичны. PHP будет считать, что ключ — число `1` в обоих случаях.

Author: Хм, даже не знал об этом. Дополнил

];
```

> Also keep in mind that attribute names must be strings, even when used with `Each`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also keep in mind that attribute names must be strings, so you can't use `Each` rule:
```

```php
$rule = new Each([new Number(min: 21)]),
```

Given `[21, 22, 23, 20]` input throw exception, because default array keys is int:

```php
InvalidArgumentException
Top level attributes can only have string type.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Given `[21, 22, 23, 20]` input throw `InvalidArgumentException` with message "Top level attributes can only have string type.", because default array keys is integer.

> Even  array `['1' => 21, '2' => 22, '3' => 23, '4' => 20]` will cause an error, because PHP [will cast keys to the int type].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even array `['1' => 21, '2' => 22, '3' => 23, '4' => 20]` will cause an error, because PHP [will cast keys to the int type].
```
